

    If you were to describe semantic HTML to the next cohort of students, what would you say? Semantic HTML is using specificity to organize your HTML. Technically; a div and a section appear the same in HTML. 
    The computer treats them both as block level elements; and does nothing more to differentiate between them. The difference is in the specificity or semantics. Because the name section is used; it allows developers 
    to better distinguish between different areas of the HTML. Semantic HTML is used because it helps people navigate through code. It is primarility for the human element behind programming.

    Name two big differences between display: block; and display: inline;. 
    1st difference. Display block makes elements behave like block level elements. Inline block will have them display as inline elements. For instance, 
    a block level element will typically force a line break after it, as well as take up the entire horizontal space of a page. An inline element will do it's best to fit in and respect things to the right and left
    of itself. 
    2nd difference. Display inline will typically align elements horizonally, and block elements align vertically.

    What are the 4 areas of the box model? Margin, padding, border, content

    While using flexbox, what axis does the following property work on: align-items: center? The horizontal axis

    Explain why git is valuable to a team of developers.
    Git is version control for code. It allows developers to collaborate on code without conflicting with one another. Imagine you had a massive program; 
    with thousands of lines of code and dozens of developers. Git allows all of those developers to make and keep track of changes without conflicting with each other.
    Any conflicts are easily identified and fixed using git. It also allows developers to branch away from the production or master code and test out changes; without effecting the 
    end-product until the code is tested and working properly.