If you were to describe semantic HTML to the next cohort of students, what would you say? It is the use of html tags with a name that give meaning 
to what it is they do. With these semantic tags you can find css classes or defined elements that make up the meaning of those tags. XML is very
similar to this except without the use of json or name pair values. 

What are the 4 areas of the box model? Padding, width, height, and margin.

While using flexbox, what axis does the following property work on: align-items: center? Items are center in the cross axis. 

Explain why git is valuable to a team of developers. It is a versioning system and is very useful in development. It helps projects stay organized. It
keeps developers in contact witheachother on various topics which is great for bug solving. Also if a new updated version is worse than a prior more stable
version, you can always revert back to the other version. git has so many useful advantages for developers that I could not imagine never using it. Before learning
git these past few days, I used hg mercurial which is bitbucket and I have to say it really helped me while taking classes on Udemy. If I had left a project a 
while ago and forgot where I left off or what problems I was having before, I would just run hg serve and go to localhost:8000 and look at my commits to find out
more on the project. Git is the same thing and for someone who may have limited space or uses multiple computers, uploaded all your projects to repos is a solid
method of programming. 

Define mobile-first design in your own words. Mobile-first design means you design the web app or site with the sole intent of responsiveness. Depending on the screen
size you can set various app designs that look great on any mobile device. You got to figure if you are on a desktop working on a screen 1600px wide and 900px in height,
whatever diminsions that app is using may not look the same to a person viewing it a phone, tablet, or laptop. So I think having a mobile-first design approach is very important
because with the way the world is today, end-users are going to expect that website to look great no matter what the size of their screen is.